
-UI TASKS-
☐ make a custom screen wrapper that works of relative units.
☐ make a screen wrapper for "modes" for example input data;

☐ getTotalScaling/scalar is repeated a lot add some sort of function for it.
☐ rename a bunch of variables to be more descriptive. namely to differentiate if it the cords have been scaled
☐ i repeat the same code for mouseOver alot so most likely make an abstract Square version of each class
or just make square default
☐ change all copy to be cloneable
☐ make all formation data be loaded from json file. everything from data to the position of connection sockets
-current task-
☐ implement datamaps for formation cores



-current feature tasks-
☐ make simple crystals create a new itemstack of size 1 when trying to save location with stack size >1
☐ change array blueprints to use a supplier to save on resources and to make a unique instance per formation core
☐ make sure to add loaded blueprint executors to array
☐ add energy to the arrays
☐ cannot check for receiver if chunk is unloaded. therefore try load chunk ahead of time and check if it exists, or...
when they try to go through the portal, and the array receiver does not exists teleport them to a random position
☐ get array formations to pull data from configs. aka give a config key for each
☐ get formation cores to read from config as well

☐ by using Datamaps make it such that i can reduce the formation core classes down to 1. and only need more if i want a unique core


- potential balance features/improvements
☐ add some sort of cooldown to how frequently a core can consume fuel
☐ make sync formation core qi only fire when in menu
-Planned Features-
☐ secret realms. create secret realms and a special array blueprint for them(these would be quite expensive) each one links to its own secret realm
☐ multicore arrays, basically an array blueprint that requires other array blueprints in certain node locations active to function
☐ add force active blueprints that need to be activated
☐ add a force active teleport scroll that has a cool animation
☐ have array cores and receivers break if no block beneath them
☐ add barrier rendering. ill be real i cba to do this